Update README with local usage (#50)
widefix/actual_db_schema: README.md

- `rails db:rollback_branches` - run it to manually rolls back phantom migrations.
- `rails db:phantom_migrations` - displays a list of phantom migrations.

### Local usage

> If you're enough of a geek to want to develop with your beloved gems alongside the general Gemfile but separate from it, you could leverage this trick:

Reviewer: Can this be rephrased so that it doesn't include possibly offensive words, such as geek?

[For reference](https://www.cjr.org/language_corner/geek.php#:~:text=Keep%20in%20mind%20that%20%E2%80%9Cgeek%E2%80%9D%20can%20still%20be%20an%20insult%2C%20depending%20on%20the%20target%20and%20context.%20Using%20it%20to%20refer%20to%20oneself%20or%20to%20someone%20you%20know%20embraces%20the%20label%20is%20always%20the%20safest%20way%20to%20avoid%20unintended%20pain.)

- create a root file named `Gemfile.local` with this contents

```
eval_gemfile 'Gemfile'
gem 'actual_db_schema'
*# add more of your favorite gems*
```

- install the gems with single command `BUNDLE_GEMFILE=Gemfile.local bundle install`
- alternatively, define the environment variable in your shell profile or .env file `export BUNDLE_GEMFILE=Gemfile.local` and then install with `bundle install`

> Enjoy the gems that have been installed locally just for you. Remember, the changes in the Gemfile have not been committed, and the gems are not installed for anyone else. Don’t forget to add these lines to your `.gitignore` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes made in the local Gemfile should not be committed. Therefore, add it to `~/.gitignore` file. Note, it's a global config to eliminate any commits into the repo:
```

```
Gemfile.local
Gemfile.local.lock
```

> If you want to commit changes into the original Gemfile, you should unset the BUNDLE_GEMFILE environment variable using `unset BUNDLE_GEMFILE` or temprorary set it to the original Gemfile with `BUNDLE_GEMFILE=Gemfile bundle install`

Reviewer: Please, add a link here for the article - https://blog.widefix.com/personal-gemfile-for-development/

Author: Thank you for your comments `:)` 
Should I follow the steps described in the 'Development' section of the README before requesting a pull?
